- [Instructor] As you go forward
with your work in Spring Integration,
here are some extremely valuable resources
that I would like to recommend.
These resources have been invaluable in my own learning
and sit at the center of my personal library.
LinkedIn Learning provides outstanding resources
for expanding your Spring expertise.
If you are thinking of using Spring Integration
as a component of robust web applications,
I highly recommend the courses on Spring MVC
and Spring real-time web apps.
If backend processing is your interest,
I recommend the course on Spring Batch
as a natural, next-step topic.
The Spring Integration API documentation
itself is outstanding,
easy to navigate by package and class name.
Not only will you find concrete implementation details here,
but you can also discern important foundational
pattern relationships throughout the framework.
The Spring team also provides a rich library
of working code samples hosted at GitHub
that you can freely download and experiment with.
I recommend that you become familiar if you are not yet
with the publication we have referred to repeatedly
in this course.
"Enterprise Integration Patterns:
Designing, Building, and Deploying Messaging Solutions"
is published by Addison-Wesley and authored by luminaries
in the software design field.
And finally, a very practical book,
called "Spring Integration in Action,"
published by Manning Publication,
holds a wealth of theoretical information
that will be of particular use
to those in architectural roles.
Thanks for joining me in this course.
I wish good luck and good skill to you and your team
as you pursue Spring Integration in your projects
and in your coding career.